I've looked over rev.ai and reached out to them. I expect some sort of response by Monday when their tech support reopens. It's time to get focused and committed with leveraging transcription experience and teach myself the tools necessary to get it up and running. I'm impressed with how open and simple the rev.ai interface seems to be, and I think I can work with these guys on multiple fronts. It's time to take the next step. On the agenda will be going back into GitHub and redoing tutorials. On the agenda is diving into Python and just getting up to speed with that programming language. On the agenda is learning more about react and node.js and locking into my brain just where these things fit.

To my understanding, there are three main areas in the stack; the front end, the back end, and the database. I want a really nice, clean dashboard interface that progressively unlocks more features and capabilities off the same core functionality as a person climbs the hierarchy from browsing with no login up to full admin access. I want the customers to be able to fully engage up to the limit of their available time and competence, and I want to easily be able to add crowd-sourced assistance to process the workload as it grows.

The business model also needs to be sorted out to handle the financials, because 2021 is the year I'm actually going to start making money and I need to get the tax and legal issues addressed before attention begins to fall upon me.

Maybe DLT Nexus is the right answer as a 'nexus' of applications, but the branding is a mismatch to the transcription application I have in mind. Perhaps I need to just start it as a WDME project and let the branding issue solve itself when the baby is actually healthy and growing. I can certainly create any number projects and repositories from WDME because I am the brand and whatever I'm doing is whatever I'm doing. I also like the idea of a clean start. Park DLT Nexus and perhaps even change the LinkedIn from DLT Nexus to WDME? Why not if it's possible. It's not like there are any core dependencies on it. People change the branding and name of companies all the time. Clean is good. Clean is fresh. It's not even so much a pivot as a clarification of vague and anchorless drifting. So far, nobody has really penetrated to the core of what DLT Nexus is about anyway. They are all just browsing the keywords and trying to find a way to suck the marrow from the bones.

As for collaboration? Well, there are some doors that are waiting to be opened. Let's go ahead and start opening them up, shall we?
I've reached out to IdioticProphet from DSI. He's working on a Discord bot that will pull role data from Discord and output to a dashboard that can be used on a website to track active roster in CoN. I'm hoping he will be willing to give me guidance on how to set that up and work with me on running my own project to make that happen. If we can do that then it stands to reason I'll have a lot of the working knowledge I'll need to create the other application I want to use with alliance match tracking, build orders, and tools related to alliance matches in CoN. It's something I've been wanting to do for a long, long time and it would be a good test case to put me in the right frame of reference for building out the tools for the transcription application that will be the real money maker.

We shouldn't have a problem with starting a generic repo to contain each of these projects and renaming them as inspiration strikes. Deep dives are probably a good way to gather background resources, but just throwing an issue up with the intro paragraph and then not following up for two years is not the way to get things done. Focus and follow up. What else have you got going on that is so important that you can't get your act together and do something meaningful with your life?

Incidentally, why not use Rev.ai as a speech to text streaming journal tool? How expensive will it actually be after the 300 minutes is used up? $2.10/hr might add up faster than you realize? It's work checking it out at least.
